[Music]
[Music] Psalm 23 a psalm of David
Psalm 23 a psalm of David
Psalm 23 a psalm of David [Music]
[Music]
[Music] the Lord is my shepherd I shall not want
the Lord is my shepherd I shall not want
the Lord is my shepherd I shall not want he makes me to lie down in green
he makes me to lie down in green
he makes me to lie down in green pastures he leads me beside the still
pastures he leads me beside the still
pastures he leads me beside the still waters he restores my soul he leads me
waters he restores my soul he leads me
waters he restores my soul he leads me in the paths of righteousness for his
in the paths of righteousness for his
in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake yea though I walk through
name's sake yea though I walk through
name's sake yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will
the valley of the shadow of death I will
the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil for you are with me your
fear no evil for you are with me your
fear no evil for you are with me your rod and your staff they comfort me you
rod and your staff they comfort me you
rod and your staff they comfort me you prepare a table before me in the
prepare a table before me in the
prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies you anoint my
presence of my enemies you anoint my
presence of my enemies you anoint my head with oil
head with oil
head with oil my cup runs over surely goodness and
my cup runs over surely goodness and
my cup runs over surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my
mercy shall follow me all the days of my
mercy shall follow me all the days of my life and I won't dwell in the house of
life and I won't dwell in the house of
life and I won't dwell in the house of the Lord forever
the Lord forever
the Lord forever you
you
you [Music]